Add documentation for AMRI and other LP eval metrics (#1075)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/advanced/link-prediction.rst

    "src_100"| "dst_41"| "dst0;dst_2"

GraphStorm will automatically translate the Raw Node IDs of hard negatives into Partition Node IDs in a DistDGL graph.

.. _link-prediction-evaluation-metrics:

Link Prediction Metrics
-----------------------

GraphStorm supports several metrics for link prediction, to give a well-rounded
view of model performance.
In general, link prediction evaluation happens by constructing a set of negative

> edges with one of the sampling methods described above, and including one positive

Reviewer: When doing testing, usually we uniformly sample negative edges. (We do not use joint negative or in-batch negative.

Author: What's our default? The docs say:

> eval_negative_sampler: The negative sampler used for link prediction testing and evaluation. Built-in samplers include uniform, joint, localuniform, all_etype_uniform and all_etype_joint.

        Yaml: eval_negative_sampler: uniform

        Argument: --eval-negative-sampler joint

        **Default value: joint**

Reviewer: Oh. We use joint by default.

edge in this set of edges, which we will refer to as the `candidate set`. The model
assigns a score to each edge in the candidate set, and ideally the true edge is ranked

> at the top position when edges are ranked by score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the top position when edges are ranked by scores.
```

> We define the set of individual rank scores as :math:`\mathcal{I}` and the number of candidate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define the set of ranking scores as :math:`\mathcal{I}` and the number of candidate
```

> edges as :math:`\mathcal{|I|}`. We refer to the ranking of the positive edge within the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edges as :math:`\mathcal{|I|}`. We refer to the ranking of a positive edge within the list
```

> of returned scores as :math:`r`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as :math:`r`.
```

Mean Reciprocal Rank (MRR)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Mean Reciprocal Rank or MRR is a metric commonly used in link prediction evaluation
that represents the ability of the model to rank the correct edge among a list of
candidate edges. It is defined as:

.. math::

   \text{MRR} = \frac{1}{| \mathcal{I} |} \sum_{r \in \mathcal{I}}{\frac{1}{r}}

where :math:`\mathcal{I}` is the set of candidate edges, and :math:`r` corresponds to the
ranking of the positive edge as determined by the score assigned to the model to
each edge in the candidate set.

> The ideal MRR is 1.0 meaning that the positive edge was ranked first in every

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ideal MRR is 1.0 meaning that the positive edges are ranked first in every
```

score list. Because a positive edge is always included in the ranking, it cannot

> get the value of 0.0 so its range is in :math:`(0, 1]`. MRR values will depend on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get the value of 0.0 so its range is in :math:`(0, 1]`. MRR values are influenced by 
```

the size of the candidate lists, so it can only be used to compare the performance
when the number of negative edges per positive edge is the same.

> Hits @ k

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hits@k
```

^^^^^^^^

> The ``Hits @ k`` metric measures the number of times the positive edge was ranked in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Hits@k`` metric measures the number of times the positive edge was ranked in the
```

top k positions by the model in the sorted score list:

.. math::

   \text{Hits@k} = \frac{| r \in \mathcal{I} | r \leq k |}{| \mathcal{I} |}

This metric is easy to interpret but has the disadvantage that any position
beyond the top-k is not taken into account, so does not provide a holistic

> view needed for cross-model comparison.

Reviewer: Hit@k is also sensitive to the number of negatives in the set.

Adjusted Mean Ranking Index (AMRI)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AMRI was proposed in the paper
`On the Ambiguity of Rank-Based Evaluation of EA or LP Methods <https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.06914>`_
as a metric that allows cross-model comparison, by looking at the entire score list, but is not
sensitive to the chosen number of negative edges per positive edge. It is defined as:

.. math::

        \text{AMRI} = 1 - \frac{\text{MR}-1}{\mathbb{E}[\text{MR}-1]}

where :math:`\text{MR}` is the mean rank, and :math:`\mathbb{E}[\text{MR}-1]` is the expected mean rank,
which is used to adjust for chance. Its values will be in the :math:`[-1, 1]` range, where 1 corresponds
to optimal performance where each individual rank of the positive edge is 1. A value of 0 indicates
model performance similar to a model assigning random scores, or equal score
to every candidate. The value is negative if the model performs worse than the

> constant-score model."

Reviewer: what does constant-score mean?

Author: Should say equal score
